This file contains the list of the packages contained in the base setup of each
toolchain. The packages are listed in the order of installation, with its own
dependencies:

  make: no dependencies
    GNU Make is a tool which controls the generation of executables and other
    non-source files of a program from the program's source files.

  diffutils: no dependencies
    GNU Diffutils is a package of several programs related to finding
    differences between files.

  findutils: no dependencies
    The GNU Find Utilities are the basic directory searching utilities of the
    GNU operating system.

  sed: no dependencies
    sed (stream editor) isn't an interactive text editor.

  m4: no dependencies
    GNU M4 is an implementation of the traditional Unix macro processor.

  libtool: m4
    GNU libtool is a generic library support script. Libtool hides the
    complexity of using shared libraries behind a consistent, portable
    interface.

  gettext: no dependencies
    GNU internationalization library.

  libiconv: no dependencies
    GNU charset conversion library for libc which doesn't implement it.

  flex: m4, libtool
    Flex is a tool for generating scanners.

  bison: m4
    Bison is a general-purpose parser generator that converts an annotated
    context-free grammar into a deterministic LR or generalized LR (GLR)
    parser employing LALR(1) parser tables.

  gdbm: libtool
    GNU dbm is a set of database routines that use extensible hashing. It works
    similar to the standard UNIX dbm routines.

  perl: gdbm
    Perl 5 is a highly capable, feature-rich programming language with over 27
    years of development. Perl 5 runs on over 100 platforms from portables to
    mainframes and is suitable for both rapid prototyping and large scale
    development projects.

  gmp: libtool
    GMP is a free library for arbitrary precision arithmetic, operating on
    signed integers, rational numbers, and floating-point numbers.

  mpfr: gmp, libtool
    The MPFR library is a C library for multiple-precision floating-point
    computations with correct rounding.

  mpc: gmp, mpfr, libtool
    GNU MPC is a C library for the arithmetic of complex numbers with
    arbitrarily high precision and correct rounding of the result.

  gawk: mpfr, libtool
    The awk utility interprets a special-purpose programming language that
    makes it possible to handle simple data-reformatting jobs with just a few
    lines of code.

  autoconf: m4, gawk, perl
    Autoconf is an extensible package of M4 macros that produce shell scripts
    to automatically configure software source code packages.

  automake: perl, autoconf
    Automake is a tool for automatically generating Makefile.in files compliant
    with the GNU Coding Standards.

  pkgconf: automake
    pkgconf is a program which helps to configure compiler and linker flags for
    development frameworks. It is similar to pkg-config, but was written from
    scratch in the summer of 2011 to replace pkg-config.

  ncurses: pkgconf, libtool
    The Ncurses (new curses) library is a free software emulation of curses in
    System V Release 4.0, and more.

  readline: ncurses
    The GNU Readline library provides a set of functions for use by
    applications that allow users to edit command lines as they are typed in.

  bash: ncurses, readline
    The Bash package contains the Bourne-Again SHell.

  zlib: no dependencies
    The zlib compression library provides in-memory compression and
    decompression functions, including integrity checks of the uncompressed
    data.

  gzip: no dependencies
    GNU Gzip is a popular data compression program originally written by
    Jean-loup Gailly for the GNU project. Mark Adler wrote the decompression
    part.

  bzip2: no dependencies
    bzip2 is a freely available, patent free, high-quality data compressor.

  xz: no dependencies
    XZ Utils is free general-purpose data compression software with high
    compression ratio. XZ Utils were written for POSIX-like systems, but also
    work on some not-so-POSIX systems. XZ Utils are the successor to LZMA
    Utils.

  tar: no dependencies
    GNU Tar provides the ability to create tar archives, as well as various
    other kinds of manipulation.

  texinfo: ncurses, perl
    Texinfo is the official documentation format of the GNU project.

  pcre2: bzip2, ncurses, readline, zlib
    The PCRE2 library is a set of functions that implement regular expression
    pattern matching using the same syntax and semantics as Perl 5.

  grep: pcre2, texinfo
    Grep searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a
    specified pattern.

  libffi: libtool
    The libffi library provides a portable, high level programming interface to
    various calling conventions. This allows a programmer to call any function
    specified by a call interface description at run time.

  expat: libtool
    The Expat package contains a stream oriented C library for parsing XML.

  sqlite: libtool, readline
    SQLite is an in-process library that implements a self-contained,
    serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine.

  openssl: perl
    The OpenSSL Project is a collaborative effort to develop a robust,
    commercial-grade, full-featured, and Open Source toolkit implementing the
    Secure Sockets Layer (SSL v2/v3) and Transport Layer Security (TLS)
    protocols as well as a full-strength general purpose cryptography library.

  libssh2: openssl, zlib
    libssh2 is a client-side C library implementing the SSH2 protocol.

  openssh: openssl
    Free version of the SSH connectivity tools. Used by OpenMPI.

  mpdecimal: no dependencies
    mpdecimal is a package for correctly-rounded arbitrary precision decimal
    floating point arithmetic.

  python: bzip2, db, expat, gdbm, libffi, mpdecimal, openssl, sqlite, zlib
    Python is a general purpose scripting language.

  lua: readline
    Lua is a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language.

  tcl: zlib
    Tcl (Tool Command Language) is a very powerful but easy to learn dynamic
    programming language, suitable for a very wide range of uses, including web
    and desktop applications, networking, administration, testing and many more.

  swig: lua, pcre2, python,tcl
    SWIG is a software development tool that connects programs written in C and
    C++ with a variety of high-level programming languages.

  sphinx: python
    Sphinx is a tool that makes it easy to create intelligent and beautiful
    documentation.

  icu:
    ICU is a mature, widely used set of C/C++ and Java libraries providing
    Unicode and Globalization support for software applications. ICU is widely
    portable and gives applications the same results on all platforms and
    between C/C++ and Java software.

  libxml2: icu, python
    Libxml2 is the XML C parser and toolkit developed for the Gnome project.

  libidn: texinfo
    GNU Libidn is a fully documented implementation of the Stringprep, Punycode
    and IDNA specifications. Libidn's purpose is to encode and decode
    internationalized domain names.

  curl: libidn, libssh2, libtool, openssl, zlib
    curl is an open source command line tool and library for transferring data
    with URL syntax.

  libarchive: bzip2, libxml2, openssl, xz, zlib
    Multi-format archive and compression library.

  ninja: no dependencies
    Ninja is a small build system with a focus on speed. It differs from other
    build systems in two major respects: it is designed to have its input files
    generated by a higher-level build system, and it is designed to run builds
    as fast as possible.

  cmake: curl, expat, libarchive, ncurses, sphinx, zlib
    The CMake package contains a modern toolset used for generating Makefiles.

  subversion: db, expat, gdbm, openssl, perl, python, sqlite, zlib
    Subversion is a version control system that is designed to be a compelling
    replacement for CVS in the open source community.

  git: curl, expat, openssl, pcre2, perl, python, subversion
    Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed
    to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and
    efficiency.

  mercurial: python
    Mercurial is a free, distributed source control management tool. It
    efficiently handles projects of any size and offers an easy and intuitive
    interface.

  vim: git, lua, python, sharutils, tcl
    Vim is an advanced text editor that seeks to provide the power of the
    de-facto Unix editor 'Vi', with a more complete feature set.

  emacs: libxml2, ncurses, perl
    GNU Emacs is an extensible, customizable text editor and more.

  libevent: openssl, python
    The libevent API provides a mechanism to execute a callback function when a
    specific event occurs on a file descriptor or after a timeout has been
    reached. Furthermore, libevent also support callbacks due to signals or
    regular timeouts.

  tmux: libevent, ncurses
    tmux is a terminal multiplexer.

  htop: ncurses
    htop is an interactive process viewer for Linux.

  gdb: expat, ncurses, python, texinfo, zlib
    The GNU Debugger.

  libnl: no dependencies
    Library for applications dealing with netlink sockets.
    ATTENTION: do not upgrade to version 3.2.28

  hwloc: icu, libtool, libxml2, xz, zlib
    Portable Hardware Locality is a portable abstraction of hierarchical
    architectures.

  openmpi: hwloc, libnl, libtool, valgrind
    The Open MPI Project is an open source Message Passing Interface
    implementation that is developed and maintained by a consortium of
    academic, research, and industry partners.
    It contains the support for job schedulers and Inifiband hardware.

  valgrind: gdb, openmpi, perl
    Valgrind is an instrumentation framework for building dynamic analysis
    tools. There are Valgrind tools that can automatically detect many memory
    management and threading bugs, and profile your programs in detail. You can
    also use Valgrind to build new tools.

  (recompile openmpi because of circular dependency opempi <> valgrind)

  patchelf: autoconf
    A small utility to modify the dynamic linker and RPATH of ELF executables.

  chrpath: no dependencies
    Command line tool to adjust the RPATH or RUNPATH of ELF binaries.

  unrar:
    The UnRar package contains a RAR extraction utility used for extracting
    files from RAR archives.
